[THUNDER]
[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Welcome back.
I'm your host, Dr.
Robert J. Gilbert.
In this episode, we will
explore the hidden energies
behind sacred geometry,
which give geometric forms
their true power.
In the ancient world,
sacred geometry
was a practical energy science
with powerful applications
for healing, for harmonizing
energy over large areas,
for activating the
energy grid, the net,
in human beings and locations.
Most of this ancient
energy science
was lost over
thousands of years,
leaving behind just the
philosophical and technical
aspects of sacred
geometry design.
Esoteric traditions know
that human history goes
through different time cycles.
One of the most famous is the
Kali Yuga Dark Age described
in the Indian Vedic tradition.
This is a time when
spiritual light grows
dim and materialism takes over.
Although some sources
calculate that we are still
in the Dark Age, according to
the Babaji lineage of India,
as expressed by Babaji disciple
Sri Yukteswar in his text
"The Holy Science," the Dark
Age actually ended in 1899.
Interestingly, the European
Rosicrucian tradition
through the work
of Rudolf Steiner
gives the same date for the
end of the Dark Age, 1899.
Although the forces
of materialism
are still tremendously strong
and in many ways getting
even stronger, new
spiritual light
has emerged in the
world since 1900.
Great spiritual traditions
all around the world
have publicly released
previously hidden information.
So for example,
great inner secrets
of the European
Rosicrucian tradition
were revealed by Rudolf Steiner
in the years following 1899.
Highly secret and
protected information,
like the advanced
internal alchemy formulas
of the Chinese
Daoist, which are some
of the most advanced initiation
knowledge in the entire world,
only began to be released
publicly in the 1980s.
One of the great developments
in spiritual science since 1900
was the development of
the science of cymatics,
the study of wave phenomena.
Cymatics makes visible the
actual invisible vibrational
powers behind all physical
manifestation, what
we call the energy
grid of the net
that we explored earlier
in the series that
was known in ancient
Egypt and other cultures.
Cymatics shows the
direct conversion
of vibrational forces into
the sacred geometry patterns
of all physical manifestation.
Because of this, cymatics
has become important evidence
to show the validity of
modern vibrational medicine
and vibrational science.
The Greek term for wave is kyma.
So kymatics was the
original German name
for this breakthrough
field, which
makes visible the invisible
vibrational fields behind all
of creation.
In English, cymatics is
written with a c instead of a k
and is pronounced cymatics.
It was developed by the Swiss
medical doctor Hans Jenny,
a student of the Rosicrucian
work of Rudolf Steiner.
Jenny used modern
electronic technology,
including the use of waveforms
transmitted through crystals,
to show the relationship
between specific vibrations
and the geometric forms
that they manifest.
Jenny recreated
the work of Kolodny
from the 1700s, which showed
that a violin bow drawn
across a steel plate would
form powder placed on the plate
into specific geometric
forms based on the note,
but now with much more
precision and control
with the new electronic
instruments being
used by Jenny.
Short wavelengths can
put matter into rotation,
linked to the sacred
geometry power of the vortex.
By using liquids
rather than powder,
counter-rotating
spirals are created
through specific
vibrations, vibrations
put through various
fluids, so the creation
of perfect net energy matrices.
Here we see vibration
creating in the water sample
a perfect point in the center
of the circle geometric
form, which was our first
letter of the divine alphabet
of sacred geometry.
A slight increase in
frequency keeps the point
in the center of the
circle, while then adding
the next stage of vibrational
structuring of matter,
seen in the shapes being
created at the periphery.
In this case, with
the pentagonal shape
on the periphery, as
with the pentagonal
faces of the dodecahedron.
This close-up of
a water drop shows
how the vibration creates
within a five-sided structure
a continual pulsation and
movement from the center
to the periphery and back again.
This combines the point in the
center of the circle geometry
archetype with the
pulsation of movement
in and out of a center.
By using two sounds
together, the beat of music
can be made visible, like
the pulse of a heartbeat.
Vibration can crystallize
matter into forms
like a spinal column, complete
with movement like a living
centipede.
Vibration can even make matter
begin to aggregate together
and rise up vertically and move
forward, like a living being,
as seen here with
these iron filings.
The imaging methods
developed by Hans Jenny
have been advanced
significantly in recent years,
especially through the
work of British scientist
John Stuart Reid, the inventor
of the modern CymaScope.
The CymaScope allows highly
detailed cymatics images
to be created in 4K or
even higher resolution
and with
three-dimensional detail.
Reid had previously
conducted research
in the King's Chamber
of the Great Pyramid.
He showed that the
chamber was precisely
constructed so that sound
vibrations generated
inside the King's Chamber
were focused energetically
on the so-called sarcophagus in
the room, which in reality is
the place used for a powerful
spiritual initiation process.
This means that chants or other
sounds created in the King's
Chamber would immediately
focus their vibrational effects
on the person
undergoing initiation
lying in the sarcophagus.
Reid has used his
development of the CymaScope
to conduct pioneering
breakthroughs
in cymatics imaging,
such as being
able to recreate the structural
form of ancient primordial life
forms through pure
sound vibration.
This demonstrates how these
invisible vibrational fields
create the structures of all
life and matter, structures
which he can now recreate.
This is his recreation of the
pattern of an ancient trilobite
from the Cambrian period
526 million years ago,
with his lab-generated cymatics
trilobite shown on the right.
This is his
recreation of a diatom
from the Cretaceous period
65 million years ago,
and his schematic diatom
shown on the right.
Reid has found that the modern
concept of a sound wave, which
is usually depicted as a
two-dimensional sine wave
is deeply misleading.
And in fact, all sound
waves are spherical,
propagating as
pulsating bubbles.
This discovery shows the
relationship of sound waves
to one of the first
sacred geometry patterns
we explored in this series--
the point in the
center of the circle
with the expansion
and contraction
in and out of the center.
Whenever we hear sound or hear
a musical instrument played,
what we are hearing is the
expanding sound wave sphere.
Reid has been able to image
all types of invisible sound
vibrations, including
these 12 piano
notes of the first
octave, showing
their precise geometries.
He has even been able to
capture the vibrational pattern
of the sun itself,
in this image, which
he calls The Song of the Sun.
The Song of the
Sun cymatics glyph
can be used as a matrix
on which to construct
powerful crystalline
energy grids.
These crystal grids create a
microcosm of the great standing
stone circles of
megalithic Europe,
which were used to
concentrate and direct
energy at natural power
spots on the Earth.
In this image, we see clear
quartz standing stones
placed on the song of
the sun matrix, one
on each of the 28 nodal
points on the periphery.
An illuminated quartz
sphere is placed
on the center of the grid.
And then quartz points
are used horizontally
to create lines of energy
which connect the center
to the periphery crystals.
I constructed this
particular grid
to illustrate this process
in my online course, minerals
and crystals for
times of stress.
Note that a stone, which
can transmute and harmonize
any toxicity coming from
the electronic light source
in the center, which is a
little known stone called Indigo
Gabbro from
Madagascar, is included
on the light source for optimal
energetics of this grid.
In addition to making
his advanced CymaScope
available to scientific
research institutes,
Reid has been able to
create a digital library
of the geometric forms which
correspond to specific tones
and frequencies, which is
now available in miniaturized
form as a CymaScope app for
all smartphones or tablets.
Unlike other apps,
which simply generate
abstract random digital graphics
in response to inputted sounds,
Reid's CymaScope app shows the
actual geometric vibrational
pattern created by
the sounds of anything
you use the app to
capture and image.
This can be human voices,
or music, natural sounds,
et cetera.
Reid's work has now moved into
creating unprecedented high res
images 4K and higher, as seen
in this imaging of a chant
by sound researcher
Jonathan Goldman.
Reid is also creating 3D images
of complete sound spheres.
In some of his latest
work, Reid has opened up
the possibilities of a new
field of medical imaging
using cymatics.
He has created the
first images of
the vibrational
geometric difference
between a healthy cell
and a cancerous cell.
In the new field
called cymatherapy,
British osteopath
Dr. Peter Guy Manners
applied cymatics
principles to creating
the first clinical cymatherapy
device in the early 1960s,
which he used to treat
patients at his clinic
until his retirement in 2005.
Manners lived in
excellent health
to be over 100 years
old, which he attributed
to being exposed daily to
the powerful healing effects
of his cymatherapy frequencies.
He was 101 years old when
this picture was taken.
Manners became known for the
almost miraculous recoveries
enjoyed by his
cymatherapy patients.
He discovered it was not enough
to simply hear the sounds,
their vibrations had
to be driven directly
into the tissues of the body
through a transducer in contact
with the area being treated.
One of the great secrets
of Dr. Manners's work
became known as
the secret of five.
He discovered through
decades of empirical research
that it is not
possible to restore
the full resonant
frequency of body areas
through a single
sound vibration,
nor even two, three, or four
vibrations used together.
He found the key was to use
five sound frequencies together
in highly precise combinations,
creating complex sound codes
which he called commutations.
This is of particular
interest, given
that we have seen
previously in the series
that the number five is directly
linked to the vital life
force in the human being, as
seen in the five-sided pentagon
and pentagram,
sacred geometries.
Manners passed on his
work to Mandara Cromwell
from the United States, who
updated the electronic systems
with the latest
technological advancements.
Her first units were
miniaturized and upgraded
versions of Manners's
master clinical units.
Cromwell then realized
this technology
needed to be made available
to the general public
in a simplified form.
This led to her
recent development
of the first public cymatherapy
device, the AMI 750.
Instead of requiring holding
a hand-held applicator
for extended periods on
particular body parts,
this device simply has the
user place their bare feet
on gel pads which
conduct the vibrations
through the soles of the feet
into the entire body system.
Cromwell was nominated
for the Thomas Edison
Award for innovation in the
fields of science and medicine
in 2013 for her development of
the first public cymatherapy
device using Dr. Manners's
precision sound codes,
and her device has now
become available worldwide.
In the United States,
it's FDA-certified for use
for pain and stress relief.
Many research projects
have shown the efficacy
of cymatherapy methods.
For example, this project
showed that a 95% tendon
tear in the leg of a horse
healed the tendon fully
with no surgery or physical
intervention, which
is considered virtually
impossible today.
Thermographic imaging
of this leg injury
shows elimination
of inflammatory pain
within 30 minutes.
Similarly, thermography
shows the massive reduction
or complete
elimination of 10 years
of progressive inflammatory pain
of the breast and lymph glands
after a standard six
weeks treatment protocol.
This study, from a
Bioelectromagnetics Society
Conference showed tremendous
reduction of inflammation
from peripheral artery
disease in only 15 minutes
of treatment.
The actual sacred geometric
form of these sound codes
coming from the
cymatherapy device
can be made visible using John
Reid's CymaScope app, simply
by placing a smartphone or
tablet with the app on top
of the gel pads while they're
running specific channels.
Using the full
CymaScope apparatus,
John Reid was also able to
take precision images of some
of the cymatherapy
sound codes contained
in this first public device.
When imaged with a CymaScope,
the acupuncture meridian
clearing sound code manifested
a perfect five-pointed star,
which we have seen
in previous episodes
is a signature of the
etheric life force.
Similarly, this image of
the etheric body sound
code from Dr. Manners shows an
amazing spherical configuration
of pentagons, making a
dynamic dodecahedron, which
is the highest of
the platonic solids,
the one for the ether itself.
We should bear in mind
that only recently has
the imaging of Dr.
Manners's sound codes been
possible at this
level, revealing
the incredible match between
what Dr. Manners said
the function of
the sound code was
with the literal geometric
form which is created
by that code, which we
can now see visibly, which
proves his assertion.
The anti-aging channel on
the public cymatherapy device
contains Dr. Manners's sound
codes for all five elements
of Chinese medicine.
These have now been imaged
by John Reid's CymaScope
and color-coded
for each element.
As seen here, the metal element
in white, water in blue,
wood in green, fire in
red, and earth in yellow.
Cymatics has now shown
through modern technology
that invisible vibrations do
indeed create and structure
the physical world, just as
claimed in ancient traditions
all around the world.
These vibrations can
be practically applied
for profound healing and
physical regeneration.
This has now opened
the door for a new age
of vibrational medicine
and vibrational science.
To fully understand the
significance of this,
we need to understand that
our modern technology has
completely transformed the
Earth in only 100 years.
All of this new technology, from
electrification of the Earth,
to propulsion systems,
to digital computers
are all based on the discovery
of two spectrums of energy.
The first is the spectrum
of all physical matter which
has allowed us to identify
every single element which
exists in the physical world.
This is what we call the
periodic table of elements.
The second is the spectrum
of the decayed radiations
that are beneath the level
of the physical plane.
This sub-physical
spectrum is what we call
the electromagnetic spectrum.
All of our modern
technology is based
on cracking the code
of these two spectrums,
allowing us to identify
what bits of physical matter
can be used in
conjunction with which
electromagnetic
frequencies in order
to create new
technological devices.
Modern materialistic
science says
that only these two
levels of physical matter
and electromagnetic
radiations exist,
and there is nothing else
but them in all of creation.
The terrible consequence
of this short-sightedness
of modern science is that it's
created a technology which
can manipulate physical matter
and electromagnetic energy
to a very high degree but with
absolutely no consideration
of how this new technology
affects living beings.
The tragic consequence
is that in only 100 years
our entire planet has been
catastrophically contaminated
with chemical, biological,
and radiological toxins
which now threaten
all life on Earth.
The solution is to
expand our science
to include not just the
sub-physical and physical
levels that it currently
has, but to add
to them the level of vibrational
matrices of the vital life
force, which create the physical
matter in the first place.
As identified by the
European Rosicrucian
tradition and the work
of Rudolf Steiner,
it is the vital life force
level above the physical
which truly animates
and structures
all the physical matter.
These vital life forces
are faster than light.
So when they come into physical
matter and are used up,
they then decay into slower
than light radiations.
In other words, they decay into
what Nikola Tesla referred to
as the retarded hertzian waves
of the modern electromagnetic
spectrum.
Nikola Tesla referred to the
faster than light energies
which would be the subject of a
more advanced future technology
as being scalar waves.
Just as our modern
life-destroying technology
was based on breaking
the code of the spectrums
of the physical and
sub-physical levels,
the new life-supporting
technology
must be based on the spectrum
of subtle vibrational forces
which form matter and
which sustain health.
We can call this the universal
vibrational spectrum.
The good news is that this
universal vibrational spectrum
has already been
identified in Europe.
And new types of tools
to detect and identify
all of its bands of energy
have already been created.
The bad news is that the world
did not take notice of this.
And these fundamental European
breakthroughs from the 1930s
were lost in the midst of the
catastrophe of World War II.
In the ancient world,
there was a science
of detecting the subtle energies
which create and sustain
life and health, a
science which reached
one of its highest peaks in the
ancient Egyptian civilization.
This science was taught
to the temple elite
with its secrets often
hidden from public view
to keep it from being misused.
We find throughout
ancient Egyptian artifacts
and references many different
types of pendulums and rods
which were used
as tools to detect
or to project subtle energies.
However, modern Egyptology
understands nothing
about these tools and simply
calls them ritual objects,
or say that there's some
type of religious symbolism.
Today when we see these
types of rods and pendulums,
we may think of modern systems
of mental dowsing, in which
a person mentally programs
a pendulum or a rod
to respond with certain
movements in response
to a mental question which is
asked, one movement showing
a no response, another movement
showing a yes response.
Mental dowsing is a powerful
and valid modern system.
However, the original
vibrational temple science
of ancient Egypt and other
great lost civilizations
used vibrational tools
to detect and direct
vibrations, different
types of energy,
not to ask mental
questions, which
is a modern modification
based on our highly
mental modern culture.
Particular tools and methods
to detect vibrational energies
of this higher
level were developed
by Chinese Feng Shui, Indian
Vastu, the Augurs of Italy,
and many other traditions
around the world.
This original
vibrational science
was linked to the capacity
of the human energy system
to directly detect
vibrations which
no purely physical
electromagnetic device can ever
detect.
To detect a particular
energy requires
a detector of a similar
type, a similar quality.
A basic metal box with
wires and electricity
may be able to pick
up gross levels
of electromagnetic waves.
But it cannot pick up the
subtle vibrational waves,
the vital life forces.
That requires something
which itself is alive
and has these vital forces,
such as the human energy field.
As the materialistic
modern era advanced,
many of the secrets of
the ancient traditions
became lost or obscured.
In Europe, the Masons
who built the cathedrals
cultivated the secret knowledge.
And separately, the Jesuits
within the Roman Catholic
Church sought to collect
ancient knowledge
from around the
world, particularly
from ancient Egypt, and take
it back to Rome and the Vatican
Library.
The Jesuits cultivated
in their own circles
some of the ancient
vibrational methods
which they rediscovered
in their research
and which they then
taught to some priests
and missionaries for them to
use for practical purposes.
For example, a missionary
in a strange land
could use these
vibrational techniques
to find clean sources of water,
to differentiate poisonous
from edible plants, and
to find medicinal herbs
for any type of illness.
We need to be clear, this is
not some conspiracy theory
or fanciful modern
speculation of which
there is so much rampant in
metaphysical circles today.
This background was
in fact revealed
by French-speaking
Catholic priests themselves
in public texts which they
wrote in the early 1900s.
The most famous of
these writers being
Abbe Mermet from
Switzerland, who
revealed many
practical vibrational
techniques to the public in
his book titled in French,
[SPEAKING FRENCH] or in
English, "How I work,"
which then appeared
in multiple languages
and was titled in English,
"Principles and Practice
of Radiesthesia."
Radiesthesia,
meaning the ability
to detect subtle radiations,
became the modern name
for the rebirth of these
ancient vibrational techniques.
Once these techniques were
made available to the public
for the first time
through the writings
of these French priests,
then scientists and doctors
in France began to
use these techniques
for their own research.
French medical doctors
created the system
of medical radiesthesia,
in which they
were able to detect the
precise vibrational quality
of any patient, what they called
their personal wavelength,
which is as unique
to each individual
as their fingerprints are.
And then to use this to find
exactly where in their body
specific problems existed.
And then to find exactly which
vibrational sources the person
was exposed to which
created and fed the illness.
And then to find which
vibrational sources could
reverse or cure the illness.
Their work was tremendously
successful, soon
being adopted by thousands
of medical doctors
across Europe by the late 1930s.
Large congresses were
held where doctors
shared their new techniques
and successful applications
for supposedly incurable cases.
Because these powerful
vibrational methods are almost
forgotten today, I
created an online course
entitled Personal
Wavelength, which
teaches the essential keys
to the medical radiesthesia
techniques used by the
European doctors in the 1900s.
While I make no medical
claims for this work,
I believe it's important that
these hidden techniques are now
available for everyone
to explore and to use
to empower their own self-care.
Louis Turenne was a professor
of radio wave engineering
and an instructor to
the French military
who knew that
humanity's understanding
of the invisible waves
of energy around us
was only in its infancy.
He understood that just
as humanity did not even
know of the existence
of radio waves
until a mechanical
detector for them
had been created,
that there were also
a huge range of invisible waves
which affect health, energy,
and consciousness, which are
too subtle to be picked up
by standard
electromagnetic equipment.
To be able to detect and
map these invisible subtle
vibrations for the
first time, Turenne
realized that the
radiesthesia techniques
from the French
priests could be used
to accomplish this research.
Turenne created a
scientific pendulum
with magnetic needles
mounted to either side
of a spherical body.
The direction of the compass
needles on the Turenne pendulum
allowed the pendulum to detect
the movement of invisible waves
which could not be detected
by standard electromagnetic
equipment.
Now that he could detect and
track these invisible life
force energies for
the very first time,
Turenne conducted
research to see
how to identify
those energies which
created health versus those that
would create illness and death.
Turenne had discovered
an important method
to start to identify the
invisible energies that
harm the health of living
beings, which were completely
unknown to us previously.
With the new ability to test
the direction of wave movement
as a rough guide to
toxicity, Turenne then
needed to identify
the complete spectrum
of all these invisible
energies which
are too subtle to be picked
up by standard electromagnetic
detectors.
Turenne created the
foundation of what
we can call today the
universal vibrational spectrum.
Using the principle
of angular refraction,
just as in modern optics we know
that the angle of refraction
of white light in a prism
determines the wavelength
and the visible color of
an electromagnetic wave,
Turenne was able to
create pendulum detectors
using various angles to
detect roughly 11 bands
of invisible life energies.
At the ends of the spectrum
were black and white
with indications that there was
some further mysterious 12th
energy at this alpha and omega
point, the connected beginning
and end points, which he
had first referred to as
infra-black and infra-white.
Turenne had now
created the foundation
for the universal
vibrational spectrum.
It's important to understand
that although each
of these bands are given
the names of colors
in the original French
research, that visible color
in light or physical
matter is only one
way that these invisible
energies can manifest.
As we will see in our next
episode with modern biogeometry
from Egypt, each of
these vibrational bands
can manifest as a
completely invisible wave.
Or they can manifest
as a shape in geometry.
Or they can manifest as a sound,
or in a numerical sequence,
or as an angle, or as a
proportion, et cetera.
Color, shape, sound,
number, angle, proportion
are all quality scales through
which vibrational powers can
manifest for
practical application,
in addition to their appearing
as simply invisible energy
waves.
Turenne then conducted
decades of amazing research
which has been almost
forgotten today.
For example, he
solved the mystery
of why some temple
locations in Egypt
had the hieroglyphs on
their temple walls defaced.
He showed in his
remarkable 1943 book
whose title in French translates
to English as "The Scientific
Control of All
Natural Waves," he
showed that the
hieroglyphs when they
were complete on
the temple walls
with their boundaries intact
emanated a powerful energy wave
from the shape of a hieroglyph.
However, if the
boundary of the shape
was cut, as was done in some
later time with a chisel
as seen here, then
the hieroglyphs
became energetically
neutralized and were no longer
effective energetically.
He had discovered that
hieroglyphs actually create
energy emanations
and were not simply
for abstract communication.
Turenne discovered
that the reason
for the tradition that
an upright cross was
a sign of beneficial spiritual
powers and an inverted
cross a sign of
harmful powers was
that when the form of
the cross is inverted,
it reverses its
energetic spin direction
and thereby changes its effect
on living energy fields.
Turenne also found a
hidden energetic reason
why seven was considered
a holy or a sacred number.
He found that if he carefully
drew a circular spiral
from the outside to the
inside with exactly seven
full clockwise turns, it would
then emanate a powerful carrier
wave energy that
could broadcast energy
from one location to another.
Turenne showed a wide
range of energy effects
from artifacts gathered
from China, India,
and other classical
traditions in addition
to Egypt, showing the level
of hidden energy science found
in these ancient
traditions that can now
be rediscovered through
vibrational radiesthesia.
Other French
researchers followed up
on Turenne's early
discoveries, completing
the vibrational
spectrum around 1933.
Chaumery and de Blizal were
two researchers who investigated
further the mysterious
energies in between the ends
of Turenne's fundamental
vibrational spectrum.
By moving the spectrum
from linear to circular,
Chaumery and de Blizal were
able to discover a great
spiritual secret hidden for
thousands of years but known
to the ancient Egyptians
and other great cultures--
a very powerful
invisible energy which
completes the
vibrational spectrum
between the black
and white bands.
This powerful wave appears
opposite the green band energy
in a circular configuration,
leading to their naming
this mysterious
energy negative green.
This name led to some confusion.
Because in reality, it's a
completely invisible energy
which never appears
as a green color.
It's the polar opposite of the
visible green energy quality.
If negative green were to
appear to visible sight,
it would appear as gray.
The same as colorblind
people today
can only see colors
as shades of gray,
because humanity
does not yet have
a sense organ to perceive the
true nature of negative green.
Chaumery and de Blizal
were fascinated by the power
of the invisible negative
green wave and how it was used
in ancient Egypt.
They found it had the power to
penetrate thicknesses of lead
that cannot be
penetrated by X-rays.
Negative green has the
ability to penetrate straight
through solid matter, similar
to neutrinos in modern physics,
which pass straight
through matter and straight
through the Earth itself.
Negative green is a
carrier wave on which
other vibrational
powers can be carried,
similar to music or speech
being carried on a radio wave.
Like every one of the 12 bands
of the vibrational spectrum,
negative green has
both beneficial waves,
which tend to
propagate horizontally,
and detrimental waves, which
tend to propagate vertically
within the band.
The beneficial waves are
essential to all life.
They are the conduction power
behind all life force itself.
They may be the actual
energy described
in the Indian Vedic tradition
as the divine feminine moving
force of God, the Shakti.
Shakti is ultimate energy,
just as her consort Shiva
is ultimate consciousness.
The detrimental waves
of negative green
are the waves which
literally bring death.
Chaumery and de Blizal found
that the ancient Egyptians were
the masters of this
hidden energy science.
They found that the ankh is not
just an abstract symbol that
means life, as we're
often told today.
But rather, it's an actual
geometric energy projector
designed to transmit beneficial
waves of negative green
from its base.
The top of the ankh projects
the green energy quality,
and the bottom projects
negative green.
These are two opposite powers.
In ancient Egypt, the beings
shown on the temple walls
were called Netjers, meaning
the conscious forces of nature.
In old Egyptian
depictions, the Netjers
are shown interacting
with human beings
through geometric
forms, which are
projectors of precise energies.
In some depictions, the
Netjer is holding the base
so that the top of the ankh is
held towards a person, which
then projects the positive
green energy towards them, often
projecting that ray into
the brain of a person
through the sinus cavity.
In other depictions,
the bottom of the ankh
is used to project the
negative green wave.
Chaumery and de Blizal proved
and popularized a key discovery
of French radiesthesia,
that geometric forms project
powerful subtle energy waves
which they called shape-caused
waves.
With the rediscovery of the
complete universal vibrational
spectrum, with new tools
to detect and differentiate
all the different bands,
the different powers
of these subtle energies,
the French researchers
had reclaimed the
lost ancient energy
science behind sacred geometry.
De Blizal noted that the
curse of the Pharaohs,
which was linked to the
mysterious deaths of those who
opened up the ancient
tombs in Egypt,
was in fact linked to energetic
booby traps left to protect
the tombs, often involving
projections of toxic negative
green vibrations.
The waveform of Luxor was one
form which could apparently
defend a person from the
vertical negative green
concentrations which
were used to protect
the ancient Egyptian tombs.
De Blizal analyzed the
shapes on a clay ring,
which was discovered by a French
Egyptologist in the Valley
of the Kings.
As fate would have
it, that Egyptologist,
the Marquis de Grande,
was the grandfather of de
Blizal's wife.
De Blizal asserted that wearing
this ring was the secret of how
the Egyptologist Howard
Carter survived the opening
of the tomb of Tutankhamen,
which had an inscription
at the entrance stating that
harm would befall anyone who
violated the tomb.
Soon after opening the
tomb, Carter's partner,
Lord Carnarvon died from
a strange malady, followed
by the deaths of
around 18 other members
of the team in
strange circumstances
within two years of the opening.
De Blizal named the shapes on
the ring the waveform of Luxor,
which created a powerful
protective shape-caused wave.
And the ring itself
became popularly known
as the Atlantis ring.
After conducting vibrational
analysis of the ring,
de Blizal created a straight
bar version of the shapes
on the ring to create powerful
protective forces against toxic
vertical wave of negative
green concentrations.
And he then termed the
straight bar version
the harmonizer of Luxor.
One of the major discoveries
which Chaumery and de Blizal
popularized in their first
book from the 1930s was that
hemisphere or pyramid forms both
project strong concentrations
of negative green
from their base.
Whether the projections
are primarily
beneficial or detrimental
types of negative green
depends on design aspects and
the material that it's made of.
Just as a hemisphere is a
sphere cut in half and its base
then projects negative
green, so a pyramid
is an octahedron cut in half.
And the base of
the pyramid is also
a negative green projector.
In fact, what became known in
the 1960s as pyramid power is,
in fact, the mysterious
ancient negative green wave.
French discoveries in
vibrational radiesthesia
rediscovered the real nature
of this mysterious energy
within the complete context
of the universal vibrational
spectrum after thousands of
years of this knowledge being
kept secret.
Chaumery and de Blizal did
extensive research into the use
of hemisphere shapes to project
negative green as is shown
on the cover of their
book from the 1930s.
So it was with the
discovery in the early 1930s
of negative green as the missing
band between black and white
that the universal vibrational
spectrum was completed.
This is the full spectrum
for the vital life force
level above the physical plane,
just as the periodic table
is the spectrum of
all physical matter.
With the identification of
this full etheric spectrum,
a new age of vibrational science
and healing breakthroughs
has now become possible.
Just as modern
physical science can
perform electromagnetic spectral
analysis of periodic table
elements, so the universal
vibrational spectrum
can detect all the
subtle energy components
of any person, place, or thing.
For more information on
cymatics, cymatherapy,
and practical training
in radiesthesia
and the vibrational spectrum,
please see the resources
at my website www.vesica.org.
Join us for our
next episode, where
we will explore how
this incredible energy
science reclaimed by the
French radiesthesists
returned to Egypt,
creating the breakthrough
modern energy science
of biogeometry.
See you then.
[MUSIC PLAYING]